Sushanth mantrala, divya mansukhbhai please dm
List for eng test kal
Guys please don't miss out on tomorrow's test. Please do locate your exam hall well in advance to avoid last minute hassles
Guys if you want us to add your friends from the batch Do not send us only the phone numbers Send us name also
Pls react to this message if cluster allocation mail has been sent to you
We will resend links again so please be patient with us. There was a small glitch.
Reminder for the English test Group - A
Group - A ka student list
Cluster 15
Also guys! The email provided to you is outlook.. Not gmail
Those who havent received the mail for clusters and cannot find their names in the list. Pls react here
@917719406434 @Prashant Vinod @Gaddampally Charisham and @Poojitha J join the cluster 7 group asap
In this find u r cluster nd join
In cluster 6 harshit sir is gonna replace advaith
If anyone is not in this grp ask them to dm me.
*REMINDER* Faculty meet with girl students and their parents will take place in *H205* *Timings: 3:00PM* Its a very important meet, please make sure to attend it
Edit- 4. Session for only students with Apex + First Cluster Meet *9pm H205* (not H105)
Please note these are your sessions for tomorrow [for students] 1. Group A English Test - 9:30am 2. Group B English Test - 11:30am 3. Meeting with professors *3:00pm H205* [For female students+parents] 4. Meeting with professors *4:15pm H105* [For dual degree students + parents] 5. Session for only students with Apex+First Cluster Meet *9pm H205* (New joinees)
*REMINDER* The Dual Degree (DD) Session with Parents starts at *4:15PM* in *H105* It is a very important session, which I myself as a DD student would recommend to attend It will clear most of your and your parents’ doubts. So please attend it.
Jillelamudi adithya vardhan dm plz
I hope everyone has been allotted the cluster
Also if someone who reacted here knows their cluster now through pdf or mail that came later pls remove the reaction from the msg
@917588904379 cluster 8 @916353676277 cluster 9 @919751473470 cluster 10 @916351115204 cluster 11 @919908235436 cluster 12
Pls join the respective cluster grps mentioned above
Sairam charri Gunda Yaswanth Vardhan Please join cluster 2
Jillelamudi adithya vardhan please join cluster 1
Ayush agarwal please join cluster 10
*REMINDER* The APEX meet with freshers will start at *9PM* in *H205*. Please *make sure* to attend it, as we will be having the cluster meetings and be sharing important college insights which you need to know..
Everyone please come to H 205 It's an important session
Pls dont worry about where u have to go for cluster meets We will let uk in 205 itself
Apex meet is in *205* now. Come asap
Just above H -105
For wifi2@iiith, use the password: webcaptive@3!tH For wifi@iiith, first you have to make a 802.1 password. Then while signing in, put no ca certificate, and PEAP security. Then write mail id as username and 802.1 password
Regarding wifi connections
We will be notifying you in this group in case there is a change in the venue.
Small change: All morning sessions from Mon-Fri this week start from 9:00am(not 8:30 as previously told). Please be there in the classroom *by 9:00am latest*.
Be there on time
*LAPTOPS ARE COMPULSORY FOR AFTERNOON INTRO TO PORTALS*
Mental health form Do fill out... and it is an anonymous form
Also guys, though it is “mandatory’ to have a laptop for today’s session, it is totally fine if u did not buy it yet or something… u can learn all those things from your friends asw
Dw about charging there are charging ports under your desks.
You can check this out https://www.linkedin.com/groups/14286239/
Hi! Everyone, Harshit here. Would really like those of you who have a LinkedIn Page (or will make one cause it is essential) to follow the APEX group there: https://www.linkedin.com/groups/14286239/ 😊
Hey guys! Reminder for the student bodies session.
At 2
*REMINDER* Hi Everyone! We will have the Apex meet at *4:30 in H105* Please be there on time, we will be continuing with our yesterday’s discussion
For wifi2@iiith, use the password: webcaptive@3!tH For wifi@iiith, first you have to make a 802.1 password. Then while signing in, put no ca certificate, and PEAP security. Then write mail id as username and 802.1 password
For wifi2@iiith, use the password: webcaptive@3!tH For wifi@iiith, first you have to make a 802.1 password. Then while signing in, put no ca certificate, and PEAP security. Then write mail id as username and 802.1 password
LDAP is for Moodle and ims
Intranet.iiit.ac.in
*REMINDER* MOVIE Night is going to start in 15 mins at *9PM at H205.*. I get it it’s been hectic for you guys! So let’s chill watching movie 😅😁
Do come for the movie everyone. It's going to be a very fun night ❤️ :)
Reminder for the 9AM session in H105
There’s biometric attendance for this session.
If you aren’t here come soon
Reminder for the session at 11. Don’t be late
Also all those who weren’t able to mark their biometric attendance in the previous session please react to this message.
please don't fake it.
leon kattakayam , jakka chandhini gayatri please dm me
Guys, A request that tou put your full name on whatsapp so that we can identify you. Otherwise it is impossible for us to mark your attendance and everything if you react... Example: do not keep name as "whatever it takes" ..keep your original name
*GUYS PLEASE NOTE* INTRO TO CLUBS which starts at 2PM is in *H205*
There is a change to *H205*
Guys a correction to this, intro to clubs 2 is at 6:30. Sorry for the miscommunication
Hey guys this is shifted by half an hour since intro to clubs ran a bit late. We’ll start at 9:30
Reminder - all boys come to H205 at 9:30. All girls please go to your respective cluster meet venues
_*Please do attend the dual booting session*_ *Carry your laptops and pen drives if possible*
Reminder for the 9 AM session
Also guys please don’t skip breakfast. Your schedules are packed and it’s important that you don’t go hungry
Even if you don’t like your allotted mess have something and come
React to this message if you weren’t able to mark attendance. Remember to change your WhatsApp names to your actual name before reacting.
@918977633871 @918090078449 @918897539663 Dm ur roll no.s abhi
Please go through only the "Basic Setup" section of this document and you will be good to go for the entire semester.
[MAC Users] Please still do attend the OSDG Session as they will also be telling you how to setup VPN on your device. It's just that the dual-booting part of the session won't apply to you. But make sure to attend it for VPN setup
Join this group for linux related doubts and queries
https://forms.office.com/Pages/ResponsePage.aspx?id=vDsaA3zPK06W7IZ1VVQKHK8m31k_zopDi9UO2-Kl0fBUM0hERE9XQUJZMkpIMEYyWFQ5MlZIVkpDMS4u This is a feedback form of today’s morning session. Pla spare 2 mins and fill the same. Thank you!!
Please volunteer to the thing I told By 5pm kitne cheeze u can send do share!
POLL: Were you able to setup VPN on your device? OPTION: Yes (128 votes) OPTION: No (39 votes)
I request you all to help out your friends with setting up the same if they haven't figured it out yet.
It's a good resource do refer for doubts, given by our seniors
Hey everyone. Team OSDG is working on a linux dual booting help doc and video which we will be sending via mail shortly. For now, we would like to highlight that you don't have to rush through the process. We would like you to learn out of your own interest when you are comfortable. We do not force it as a requirement that you have to accomplish right away. As discussed in today's meet, we are in the process of planning future events to troubleshoot any problems you may face.
https://iiitaphyd-my.sharepoint.com/:f:/g/personal/osdg_students_iiit_ac_in/EtxTIKHnqE9Ks1Tht2NsPfMB0RDHPLmV1hdR7S_U2ziukw?e=JpZXSO Drive that contains video demos of VPN installation and usage on Ubuntu, Windows, macOS and Android
Hey Everyone! Here is a schedule of today’s events (1st August) 1) The sense of art in Ancient India - 9 AM @ H 105 2) Indian Epic Tradition - 11 AM @ H 105 3) Funbits - 2 PM @ H105 4) Clash of Clusters - 4 PM @ H105 5) Micro Film Making - 6 PM @ H 205 6) karaoke Night - 11 PM @ H 205 Attendance will be taken in the morning sessions so be sure to attend. The events in the evening are club events and Karaoke night is an apex event. Enjoy :)
All those who aren’t able to mark attendance because the biometric doesn’t recognise your fingerprint, please ask the people who bring the machines to give you the sign-in sheet
*Everyone please come fast for the 9am session*
Slight correction - karaoke night is at 9PM, not 11
Guys please come for the session. There will be attendance
Also please come from the back doors
If anyone's biometric attendance is not working, please stay behind after the session
Some people are confused regarding the mess charges... I ll just try to make it clear for all The mess cancellations that u will make or in case the mess rates are changed, whatever change that makes in your total mess bill it would be adjusted in the next semesters fee payment.
So U dont have to pay anything extra now and similarly will not get any money back for cancellations during the semester.
Clash of clusters is in H105 guys! The event will be starting in 5 mins
🎥🎬 *Micro Film Making Extravaganza!* 🎬🎥 Cyclorama is ecstatic to present the ultimate Micro Film Making event, brimming with creativity and excitement! Discover the magic behind film production and unleash your inner filmmaker. Join us for an unforgettable experience where your drama dreams come to life! Whether you're a drama mama, a silent genius director, or an enthusiastic amateur, this event is for you! Even if you don't know anything about filmmaking, we've got you covered and will help you every step of the way! 📍 Venue: H205 📅 Date: 1 August ⏰ Time: 6 p.m. Don't miss out—freshers, this is your chance to shine on the silver screen! See you there!
i still have this with me. owner hasn't contacted
*Reminder:* Do fill this form! We have exciting prizes for participants as well 😯
If people want to do group practices for spotlight u can use the following venues(within limits of curfew timings) : For girls only practices- basement Mix/Boys - bakul warehouse or Himalaya corridor or behind amphi
Guys, please take utmost care of your health right now. We want you all to be present for your batch trip on 11th, please don't miss it. If you're not feeling well, keep us informed and take rest.
Hey Everyone! Here is a schedule of today’s events (2nd August) 1) Gender Sensitisation - 9 AM @ H 105 2) Know your City - 11 AM @ H 105 3) ECell Induction event - 2 PM @ H105 4) Clash of Clusters - 5 PM @ Football Ground 5)Apex Session - 9 PM @ H 205 Attendance will be taken in the morning sessions so be sure to attend. If you’re sick and can’t make it for the morning sessions please inform one of the Apex Members. The events in the afternoon/evening are club and student body events. Enjoy :)
Guys please come to the session on time
If you're not feeling well, please inform us beforehand and take rest
Guys, sports is not graded, it is a Pass/Fail thing. Just meet the attendance criterion and you'll go through.
Guys please come for the 11 AM session on time. There is a guest lecturer and we can’t keep them waiting
All those who weren’t able to mark your attendance in *yesterdays* (1st Aug) session please react here
All those who weren’t able to mark their attendance *today* please react here
These also apply to those who were sick^
https://forms.office.com/Pages/ResponsePage.aspx?id=vDsaA3zPK06W7IZ1VVQKHK8m31k_zopDi9UO2-Kl0fBUNllHM0pFRVg3SUlQWktaN0NUNk5BR1g5NC4u Feedback form for today’s sesssion. *Please take 2 mins and filll the same.*
Guys the venue has changed to 205 for the ecell event
Please come fast for the event, it is starting soon. (sidenote : it is one of the most fun events in the whole schedule)
Promotion 😒
Aye I should’ve done that for cyclorama
My loss
ecell >>> :)
Dont be late
Its at 9:30
Enjoy the North mess line
Life time memory hain Aajao Nd get gud pictures
Note that the day has changed from Sunday to Saturday
Hey Everyone! Please note that these are your sessions for *3rd Aug*: 1. Batch tree plantation - 7:30 AM @ Research Street 2. ⁠Science, Engineering and Research - 9:00 AM @ H 105 3. ⁠Seeds of Hope and Action (Poster Session)10:30 AM @ Research Street 4. ⁠Linux Doubtsolving and Troubleshooting- 2 PM @ H 105 5. ⁠Clash of Clusters(Futsal) continues - 5 PM @ Football Ground 6. The Plot Thickens - 5 PM @ H205 7. Skateboard Deck Painting - 6:30 PM @ Amphitheatre 8. Spotlight - 8 PM @ Amphitheatre
Guys for spotlight Media track refers to audios that you would want to be played during your performance. Ppt or video is not accepted.
If you need to share a video/ppt during your performance please react to this message (we'll try arrange for a projector, but can't promise.)
Guys please visit aarogya if you have any sickness. 90% of the time you'll feel better after just a visit, so don't be scared
Again, we want you to be fit and fine for your batch trip!
POLL: Ubuntu setup done? OPTION: Yes (127 votes) OPTION: No (74 votes)
Guys, you have attendance for this session also, Call your friends in H105
Guys go attend the poster session
It'll hardly take 5 mins
@everyone, if you want to revert back to apex's mail or any mail sent out to a large number of people: PLEASE click Reply and not Reply ALL!
remember this throughout college!!
I have made this mistake 🙃🙃. But it’s fine it happens just remember this in the future
yesss
don't repeat mistakes!
Hello UG1 Boys! If you aren't able to use the washing machines properly, please ask us apex members and mentors to help you with them. Please do not go around simply ruining them or using them to throw your garbage like chocolate wrappers. It hinders not only you but the remaining seniors as well. Thanks!
pls checkout the order of your spotlight performance (in case it is a group performance and more than one participant is mentioned in the list pls dm)
People who've mentioned editing or merging of audio to be done for Spotlight, please do it yourselves or take help of a friend/senior
and bring it with you
The list is updated
Pls check this list and be near the stage 2 performances prior to yours
Pls refresh the page if u still cant see changes
Request for rescheduling will no longer be entertained
Pls try to make it on tim
We hope to see you soon 🥳🥳
Sharp 8 first performance will start please come on time !!
Please react if any of the guitar performers require electric guitar
Reminder for this
Everyone please come to Amphi!!! We're starting soon
Guys please come fast we have a lot of performances lined up !
Spotlight starting in 10 mins come fast everyone!!✨
Everyone we a gave a great setup for all of you, please come and support your batchmates, tonights will be one of the most fun nights of induction 😁. COME TO AMPHI NOWW
Fun fact: Jitna late aaoge utna dj night kam hota jaayega
We've started all performers please come to Amphi ASAP
Guys, the performances have started now! Everybody SHOULD COME HERE ASAP! *Fun fact:* Your classes are gonna start soon so I think it's better you don't miss this otherwise you'll regret not coming for probably the best event of the Apex Week for the rest of your college life. Your choice really...
come fast guysss we have started
Ppl chalo bhago.....U r missing out best part in u r induction
Reminder please send to Apex email id
cool lights :)
Someone has lost some cash. To verify I'm giving to the right person, please tell me the amount, and I'll hand it over.
Hope you all enjoyed spotlight event ❤️❤️. We must say in the previous years we've always had around 40 performances, and this year we had *70*🎉🤯!!!!! You all put up amazing performances in such a short span of prep time too! Super excited to see all of you guys so enthusiastic about participating, keep up the energy for all of the IIIT events.❤️❤️
i hope to see more photographers from you all to continue this job (:
Given all this to bakul gaurd
Pls collect asap
Want to tell many things like she said but Itna lamba msg can't write rn In one line your enthusiasm and effort were truly outstanding! ❤️🎉 ❤️‍🩹❤️‍🩹
Hey I hope everyone who went to jc or were roaming around are back to hostels.
Happy friendship day btw😊
@boys, some of you were asking about places for haircuts: here are two of the most common ones that we use --> 1. SRH Saloon: https://maps.app.goo.gl/a6D94xE3x5r13ZCc8 2. There is a shop just in front of this SRH Saloon, near a building called Anika Heights.
save this text for late if you wish.
both are walking distances: 15-20 mins of walk at max.
Hey Guys! Your classes will be starting from tomorrow. This marks the start of a new and exciting phase in your lives. Commence this journey with an open and receptive mind. Be sincere and resilient and focus on your acads; but also remember to find the time slow down, meet new people, pursue hobbies and explore new things. There will be highs and there will be lows, but remember that you have an entire village to help you out. Ask for help when you need it, give people help when they need it. Stay steadfast and you’ll push through. This is beginning to feel a lot like a cringe motivational video so I’ll stop, but one last thing before I do. Make new memories and cherish them. Those are the things that will stay on with you. Do reach out to us or your seniors and we’ll be more than happy to help you. All the best!🌟🌟🌟 Rishabh
Have Breakfast! ~ Soumil :)
thank you sar
Also guys! Ensure to be on time.. atleast until uk the prof is chill about timings
My two cents as well: Slow Down: you're about to go through a lot of stuff - academics, making new friends, participating in events, going to your PE sessions :), and so much more. It is absolutely normal to feel overwhelmed at times, everyone does. Slow down, figure out what can wait, what cannot, act accordingly. There are tens of batches who came before you, faced the same challenges and overcame it, you'll do so too. Manage your time, there's plenty of space for everything. I'm sure you'll sail though your college life. Best!
I am seeing many UG1 out Strictly saying 7pm curfew lagayenge.....
Even now I am seeing Ug1 out... If u think breaking rules is fun....Just think of hvg a 7pm curfew...Take the curfew seriously...
Hey everyone, We’re excited to announce a chess tournament for the selection of students to represent the IIITH Chess Team in the upcoming Chess.com inter-college tournament. It’s a fantastic chance to show off your skills and secure a spot in the college team! Tournament Details: - Purpose: Team selection for the college chess team - Format: Swiss - Duration: 2.5 hours (maximum*) - Time Control: 5 minutes + 2 seconds increment - Date: 5th August - Time: 5:30 PM - Platform: Lichess -Top 20 finishers will be selected How to Join: 1. Fill the form: https://forms.gle/YFAVnWvKyz6hkuDF9 2. Join the IIITH team on Lichess using this link: https://lichess.org/team/iiith 3. Once you’re in the team, you can join the tournament: https://lichess.org/swiss/tAxy8TqQ Important: - Please avoid leaving the tournament mid-way as it messes up the pairings. - Filling the form is mandatory for all participants. To know more about the Chess com tournament, visit this link: https://www.chess.com/blog/chesscomindia/register-for-the-first-ever-india-college-chess-championship-featuring-a-15-00-000-prize-fund?fbclid=PAZXh0bgNhZW0CMTEAAaZ3v2plUQFeF3nLC_lE2D1fbpUfO93zz8vdYf6s1e3buvuRS0GdGykaaiM_aem_4p0aP0Q0WDv7wGX9cSPyMg For any queries, reach out to Prakhar Gupta (9691190017). We’re looking forward to seeing you there and wish you the best of luck! (* depending on participation) Cheers, Chess Club
Sharing this outside of IIIT is a bad idea. Don't do it.
If any course is not there You can suggest to add it....
Scavenger hunt: starts at 2:15 pm Venue: Amphitheatre
Note: Even Sujal and Ihsan are allowed to be captured 🤡
Yesssss
lmao sad bhai
I will reveal location live in exchange for moni 😇
(jking don't dm) 😂
Hope you all had fun at scavenger hunt!❤️ Prompt credits- @919535499671
Guys for martial arts you have to go in the football ground only
Hey everyone, I’ve had a few questions about the curfew so I’ll clarify here - *Hostel Curfew* ends on the *11th of August.* (Night of the Batch Trip) *Campus Curfew* ends on the *17th of August.* (Night of freshers)
We hope you all are enjoying your induction events. To add up to the fun, Cultural Council brings you, not 1 but 2 events on 17th August :- 1)Freshers' Night 2)Mr. and Ms. Flair All of the rules and guidelines will be shared with all of you tomorrow (6th August) at Amphitheatre at 9:30 p.m. which will be followed by individual house meets. If you haven't danced, sang, played any instrument or taken part in a skit ever before, this is the best opportunity to give it a try and explore your talents. Hope to see you all there!!
To reach the yoga class: When you go to Yuktahar from Kandamb, keep climbing up one more floor and you shall reach the yoga room.
Just in case somebody didn't get the name in their arts they will mostly have their arts in second half
Labs include but aren't limited to KCIS, Thub
If you give attendance on paper, wait for a week from the date of the class in order for the attendance to reflect. If you are still marked absent/you used biometric: Ask others in your batch if they have also been marked absent and send a collective mail.
Reminder please come to Amphi for Hook Step Hype Fest by The Dance Crew, it's starting nowwww, it'll be a super fun event (maybe DJ also)!!!!!
Hey all:) In case someone missed collecting few books that were issued during reporting they can collect it from Library tmrw from 2pm to 5pm.
Hey Guys!!! The event is stilll going on!! Clarifying as many of u had doubts!
Tdc waale smh smh
first report to the football ground
warm up
give attendance and then go for gym
otherwise you won't get attendance
@919535499671 can you confirm once?
For Yoga, you can directly go to Yoga hall, not to the football ground
Goes for any service really, if you are calling someone, say to repair your laptop, firstly it has to be before 10PM. and they won't be allowed to come inside hostel. Hostel common area near the entrance is the maximum they are allowed to step in.
If it rains, unless its like andhi toofan: you still have to go to football ground in your sports attire. depending on the situation of rain and the ground, it will be the call of Mr. Nagaraju to decide whether sports will happen or not. In either case, you have to go to the ground for attendance. You can't be like "sAr bUt tOo mUcH rAiN sAr mE ScArEd". Got it? Good.
sAr bUt tOo mUcH rAiN sAr mE ScArEd" WOW
Bhai kuch bhi karo bas credit khatam karo
Telling with experience doston ke bina we cant go credit
One internal suggestion Sports in Monsoon sem Yoga in Spring
Telling for a reason
😂😂😂😂
Is there any ece student who has been allotted batch 2 in arts? Please react here
Did arts 2 list release Someone react ASAP
English list came??
Or conversely, is there any ece student who is not been allotted batch 1 or the English class?
Hey guys, I think some of you are still a bit confused about the arts-1 course. I’ll clarify it here: If you might remember you wrote an *English diagnostic test* on your second day. If you *passed that test*, then you have been allowed to attend the *arts 1 course*. If you *failed that test*, you have been assigned to go for *English classes* and you *will not* be attending the arts 1 course. If you have received the arts email but not the English class email then it means you have passed the test and will be taking arts. Don’t worry if your name wasn’t in the batch 1 list it’ll be sent later.
I just wanted to tell one more thing this week you will be having your batch trip. Please take care of your health we want everyone to come to batch trip. That is the place where you will make best memories. That will be your first trip with your friends. Try not missing the batch trip. That doesn't mean we are forcing you to come even if you are ill if you are ill ,health is wealth please take care of yourself.
https://iiitaphyd.sharepoint.com/:v:/s/ClubsatIIITHyderabad2021/EcbipBWCNxlKi2oDoTQqW3YBMc3YiuvScMcm_xA6YR7SEg This has basic Linux commands. You can use it for u r reference.
Many students are yet to join the course grps Please do join ASAP U will be getting important updates from u r TAs
Hello everybody! In case you haven't seen it yet, the registrations for FAIL? 2024 have just kicked off! The response so far has been amazingly overwhelming, with the early bird gold pass tickets selling out within the first hour. If you're new here, don't worry. FAIL? is a place where we demystify and dispell the stigma around failure through the real-life stories of eminent personalities. The time is nigh and the tickets are selling out quick. Register NOW at https://ecell.iiit.ac.in/fail24 . We hope to see you there on September 8th! Watch the FAIL? after movie from last year here: https://youtu.be/uzM2MsdM1wc?si=9Ix1lt3LXn71L1Yd Regards, Entrepreneurship Cell, IIIT Hyderabad
All those who were marked absent in any course but you punched in your biometric, please mail Badri
Guys whatsoever ur case is please mail only badri That is all u need to do. I understand ur concerns.. but dw it'll be fixed
Everbody is facing the issues It'll take a week or so to fix it
Hello All!! Since all of you have a Batch trip on 11th August, change your mess registrations on the mess portal to Kadamb veg (All 3 meals) for that particular day as only that mess will be providing food during the trip. For students who are monthly registered to any mess other than Kadamb Veg, fill out the form: https://forms.office.com/r/hN0UgpP1qT
*Form is only for monthly registered students*
Hey guys, your dsm lab work starts on the 12th of August. You won’t be having it today
Ambulance Aarogya.vcf (file attached)
Also please save this number, it’s very important
ok sar
dsm labs are fun! don't miss...
Guys only the Friday groups have CPro lab today.
In case there was any confusion
Hey Guys! There’s gonna be an apex session at 9PM today in H205. This is possibly your last apex session so please do attend. We have a few important points to cover.
We’ll notify you in case there is any change in the schedule/venue.
So regarding sports attendance. It won't be updated on IMS daily/weekly. What happens is, the count for your attendance is put up on the notice board at PEC towards the month end for you to verify.
yes, the frequency is once a month, it's less but it's what it is.
i recommend keeping a track of how many sports classes you have attended so that you can verify in case of any discrepancy
*REMINDER* The Chess Club's fresher exclusive induction event is happening at H-104, 5:30 PM today! If you want to have some fun with hand and brain chess or showcase your skills in the classical variant, this is an event worth attending! Hope to see you guys there! Regards The Chess Club
Whoever are yet to collect books Please collect it today by 3pm In reading room above library Today is the last day
Guys plz go nd collect
If any of then are ur friends or u know them… please tell them to collect their books
hello, OBH boys, If you have the video on how to use the washing machines in OBH, please send it to me. If any of you know the friend who has the video, ask them to contact me asap
Please ask everyone to come asap It's a very very very important session tdy
It's the last full session from our side and it's important that u guys attend
Attendance will be taken A sheet will be passed nd verified
Make sure u guys r here in Nxt 5min
Who ever marks attendance only will get to come to batch trip
@918807494038 apparently
Hey guys, hope you're asleep rn :D For the photography enthusiast: please try taking pics of sceneries/random stuff in the trip today :) We can combine those and do something cool with it who knows...
Just a request Please occupy a bus completely before moving to other bus
Guys! Everyone go near VC circle!
Those who are coming for batch trip, please come fast. We'll be leaving anytime now
Last call for CMG guys We will be leaving now.
If there is any ug1 who isn’t coming to the batch trip because they’re sick please dm me
Guys chalo move fast
Come down of Golconda by *12:30pm*
If anyone is still outside message us asap
Anyone lost money, lmk how much
DO NOT GO ON TOP OF RANI MAHAL. follow the crowd and go to the top of the fort ONLY
bois mosti nahi
Oye
Assemble for batch photo
COME TO RANI MAHAL FOR BATCH PHOTO (sori for caps 😭)
THOSE WHO ARE DOEM PAST RANI MAHAL, COME BACK
Rani Mahal ke garden
OKAY GARDEN THEN GUYS
😭😂
Guys prefer not to leave anything in bus…
Guys don't leave anything in the bus take everything outside
After that if it goes missing it will be very hard for us to do anything
It's raining, so anybody wants to "take shelter" you may go to your assigned bus.
Guysss!!! DJ on boat!!!! At 7 pm!!! Gate 4!!!
Whoever has kept their bag in Bus 5757, then please just wait until we get to campus and you can collect it then.
Someone lost their keys with KTM keychain. Text me if it's you
Found these, collect from me
Everyone plz start coming Just maintain separate bus groups Drivers are not ready to wait at the main entrance
Buses are waiting at the spot where they dropped us
5858 ka head kon hai
Khushi Ma’am
Please collect bags from nilgiri
Please come immediately after you reach campus
Hey Kadamb mess is it 11:10
Please hv u r dinner
If someone is injured or sick please let us know
Don't wait for tmrw
CURFEW STILL EXISTS PLEASE BE BACK INTO ROOMS BY 12:30PM
If u guys need any help or wanna talk or literally anything We r here Dm karlo
*ONE SHOUTOUT FOR MENTORS ALSO* (Just react to msg to give shoutout)
Also guys huge shoutout to @918106925340 for organising the trip and coordinating with all the teams.. And most importantly every apex member for the batch trip today!! Hope you’ll had fun!!
Hi guys!! Hope everyone is fine and have rested enough.. If anyone has a sprained ankle or anything after yest, let us know
“The batch photo” guyzzz!!!
sooguud! now time to keep it the group pfp?
Credits: Chinmay Pateria, Roshan
If it's yours plz lemme know
Kal books will be near library exhibition please collect
Hello everyone! For the Independence Day celebrations tomorrow, if you'd like to perform a dance, sing,play an instrument, or even recite a poem, please DM your name to Prakhar Gupta (+91 96911 90017).
Hello everyone! *Join us today in H-105 at 2 PM as E-Cell hosts an inspiring guest talk by the accomplished entrepreneur Kanika Agarwal, Co-founder & CEO of MindPeers.* Kanika was featured on SharkTank India, recognized in AsiaOne’s 40 under 40, and is an active Angel Investor in startups like Boba Bhai and Leap Club.. This session is a unique opportunity to gain insights into her entrepreneurial journey, from building a multimillion-dollar startup while managing anxiety to scaling globally and exploring the intersection of mental health and business. Don’t miss out on this chance to learn from one of the leading voices in mental well-being and entrepreneurship. See you there!
Free Redbull for the attendees:)
guys if you have labs: welp, i am sorry, there's nothing i can do about it really. mei maafi mangta hu 🙏
Guys do come asap, ms Kanika is an excellent speaker and it's also a free event
+free redbulls, if you are still not convinced
A lot of people have been falling sick lately. If you need medicines urgently, please ask your roommates, or friends if they have the common ones with them. Also, you can purchase medicines on Netmeds, Apollo, PharmEasy etc- and then deliver it to your hostel. You can buy a good amount of them to use later on also. Take care and get well soon.
*A Call for Change* Hello Everyone, In memory of the Kolkata doctor whose life was brutally cut short, let us gather in silence today to demand justice for her. Let's light a candle tonight to support every woman who has ever experienced a hate crime, for you, me and all our future daughters. As we celebrate our nation’s independence today, let’s also take a small but significant step in the fight against injustice in India. *Venue: Amphitheatre* *Time: 9:30 PM* (Candles will be provided; however, we encourage you to bring your own as well.)
I would suggest get your own candles if possible ❤️
Guys retweet the post :)
https://www.amazonfutureengineer.in/scholarship-and-internship For first year girl students (Indian citizens only) Check eligibility criteria and apply
Today is the big day you’ve worked so hard for! Freshers will be your first event, and it’s a chance to see everything you’ve practiced come to life. The late night rehearsals, all the sacrifices and the small treats you got from your seniors were all steps towards this moment. Remember every second you’ve invested and give your best today. Enjoy every bit of the experience and don’t stress about the results. EOD, whichever house wins, it’s a victory of the entire batch. Cherish this moment because soon, your academic life will take center stage. Wishing you all the best of luck—give it your all and enjoy the day!♥️ (Nd after freshers ka party miss mat karna🥳)
Don't wanna write long msgs So in short U guys were amazing
*Guys urgent‼️* Did someone take *one black jacket or one black tie* yesterday with them? Or might have kept it somewhere othere than amphi backstage? Please dm If someone know that somebody else might have taken? Dm
Hey everyone! This is a reminder for the Student Parliament and Election Commission session today at 5 PM in SH1. It is an important session, please attend.
all the best even though there's still some time for exams :)
as far as syllabus etc - is concerned, this is best answered by your course instructor. Do approach them towards near the quiz date and ask them to mention the syllabus clearly, although most instructors will inform it directly on their own.
Reminder for this
In case someone forgot.... Today is rakhi♥️
No holiday tho :(
If anyone needs any meds, I'm near a pharmacy for the next ~ 30 minutes You can dm me and I can pick up if available
Since many falling sick
respect++
please message people before calling, can't stress this enough...
I'm at the hospital, if anybody needs medicines from a pharmacy lmk i can pick it up for you.
Hello Everyone! We are inviting everyone to apply for the position of floor representatives from UG1 boys for Palash Nivas. They will take the problems of their respective floors, and inform them to parliament and/or the hostel in-charge. This will help you guys solve issues more properly and quickly. If you are interested, please fill the below form. For further doubts regarding the position, contact me or anyone you might know from the parliament https://forms.office.com/r/iDuR3TY4jZ
Yes guys, please do
Any issues you have please do not hesitate to contact us
Foundation day is NOT a holiday.
Guys for any Holidays plz check almanac🙏🏻
for almanac please check intranet
icymi ^
Hey all:) Again reiterating it please text before you call. If something is imp you can directly call and we are always there at any point of time but if something can wait for like 2 3 hrs please try to text.
Hey guys!! All the best for your first quizzes. Do not stress too much… Ik a lot of you guys are used to getting full marks in your schools, but here the bar isn’t full marks.. Just give your best efforts, there are other components in course where u can score well and come back.. Also definitely do check previous year papers as it gives u an idea of the paper pattern and all. And remember guys, from now onwards you guys have to prefer collaboration over competition. Once again all the best guys!!
Tagging this message for previous year papers
more papers (if you are interested and too lazy to navigate the repos:) 1. C-Pro: https://github.com/VijayrajS/iiitprevpapers/tree/master/Year1/CS/CPRO-C%20Programming 2. RA- https://github.com/VijayrajS/iiitprevpapers/tree/master/Year1/CS/RA-Real%20Analysis 3. DSM - https://github.com/VijayrajS/iiitprevpapers/tree/master/Year1/CS/DSM-Digital%20Systems%20%26%20Microcontrollers 4. DS - https://github.com/VijayrajS/iiitprevpapers/tree/master/Year1/CS/DISC-Discrete%20Structures all the best :) it's your first examination so don't stress very much. it'll go well.
Happy janmashtami ♥️
Guys just a clarification, you will have Value Education classes during quiz, unless explicitly mentioned otherwise. Sorry for the miscommunication.
Happy Janmashtami to all 💛
Hey guys, deadline for this is tonight. Please fill it if you’re interested and haven’t already. Only for those living in *OBH*.
https://forms.office.com/r/XupN7cyQy9 During the auspicious festival of Paryushan, we are arranging for Jain meals to be served before sunset at yuktahar mess. If you would like to avail of this service, please fill out the form with your details. This will help us ensure that proper arrangements are made for your dietary preferences during the festival period. Thank you for your cooperation.
Also attendance is mandatory, so please be there
ma'am quiz too stressful 😭 plis give tips
take attendance utmost seriously, not just courses, even if it's arts, sports, ve etc-. you'll regret later otherwise
POLL: @ECX. when is your arts? OPTION: H1 (73 votes) OPTION: H2 (1 vote)
All those for whom the allotted grp number in VE (as per the grp allotment info sent) is different from the one that shows on moodle pls react to this msg.
Posting on behalf of a friend. *Blood Requirement* Blood Type - O Negative Patient - T Archana Yashoda Hospital, Hitech City. Phone No. - 9340154775 Required Units - 2
reminder for the same
Venue is H205
Reminder for the meeting guys
*Everyone should be here in the next 5 mins.*
Collected thanks
Need 2 girls for anchoring and volunteering for the foundation day celebrations on evening of 2nd September. If you are free and willing, contact - Kunal Angadi 7588756024
Have gotten the required number There's no need for more people to reach out to him Thanks a lot
heya, guys, for questions related to course work: assignment submission, issues with assignment submission etc -, please approach your TAs, we as apex can't help here. thanks
please make a very good note of this.
Dear IIIT Community, As we celebrate the auspicious occasion of *Janmashtami*, the joy and excitement would be incomplete without the traditional *Dahi Handi!* It symbolizes the playful spirit and teamwork that Lord Krishna inspires in all of us. We invite you to join us for the Dahi Handi celebrations. Date and Time: *31st August 2024 at 7:00 PM* Venue: *Football Ground* Looking forward to seeing you all there. Regards, Campus Life Council.
Join us for the wonderful seminar Dining with the Monkey, along with a _live Pantomime show_! 🗓️ 31 August 🕔 5:00 PM 🏢 Himalaya 105
All those who reacted dm me your name and group no.( Both moodle n as per list)
Guys pls tally group numbr from this and check what it shows for u on moodle n dm me asap
8 ppl reacted here I have got 1 dm
Today, on Teachers' Day, take a moment to express gratitude to the teachers who have shaped your journey and helped you reach where you are today. Acknowledge the support of your parents for their nurturing, your siblings, and anyone who has guided and taught you valuable lessons along the way.
thanks to @senior_apex for guiding us as well!
[IMPORTANT] Regd. Paper Checking & Distribution and return tickets. Will keep it brief. End-sems are supposed to end on 29 Nov 2024. "ideally" you can leave for home after that but there are a few reasons not to do so immediately: 1. Paper checking and distribution duration is from 1 Dec to 5 Dec, meaning your TAs will most probably check your papers and show it to you during this duration. 2. You cannot almost certainly have any paper showing online, meaning, if you do go to home during this period, you will miss the paper showing and will not get a chance to increase your marks if you so wish. 3. Projects: This semester for example, at least to my knowledge, ECX may have a project in the course: EW-1. Project evaluations are almost always after the endsems so that you have enough time to prepare for it. In this case, you cannot go home directly after exams end as evaluations also do not happen online. So in an ideal case, it's safe to book your return tickets around or after 6th Dec. But I would suggest to wait for some time and get dates confirmed in each courses so that you can be absolutely sure you won't miss anything after you go back home. hope this clears some of the confusion.
[Money Saving tips] If you guys go out to eat, use Swiggy Dineout/Zomato Bookings and get discounts. Don't pay full amount lol.
it's actually crazy how so many people don't use this
Exited about ganesh chaturthi? ✨✨ Preparations are going on in full swing!!! So to stay updated follow the OFFICIAL CLC (Campus life council) page. Here we post all announcement for all festivals and celebrations on campus, pre and post event moments etc! https://www.instagram.com/clc_iiith?utm_source=qr&igsh=aWtxbzF6MmZucDE2
Also… if u all didnt know yet… it is a holiday tomorrow. (The almanac clearly says so). Please do not worry about classes for tomorrow.
Happy ganesh chaturthi🙏🏻♥️ In case someone dk please don't see moon today :)
Hi everyone, Since the list of attendees has been finalised for FAIL?, ticket transfer requests that have been raised through official means have been processed, no more requests will be entertained. To re-iterate, tickets are *non-transferable* now. Regards, E-Cell.
https://iiitaphyd-my.sharepoint.com/:f:/g/personal/campuslife_students_iiit_ac_in/EtpwQMePispNoMpNFEIhSH0B3__Y8Ix_FbuSqbytl6iEIA?e=EQDo7P Upload you Ganesh Chaturthi Images here!
Hello everyone, We hope you're having a great day! As we approach the start of the event, please note that registration will open at 2 PM at the designated desks. Kindly be aware that entries will close strictly at 2:40 PM to ensure the event begins on time. Please have your tickets (sent to your registered email) and a valid ID (college or government-issued) ready for entry. If you encounter any issues, feel free to reach out to the staff at the registration desk, and they will be happy to assist you. Thank you for your cooperation. We look forward to seeing you at the event!
anyone who has issues with tickets etc- please DM Gaurav
Gaurav.vcf (file attached)
Hey guys, Thanks to everyone who attended FAIL? 2024! Hope it gave you a one-of-a-kind experience. Apologies if any inconvenience was caused! We'll have more and more events coming up throughout the year, stay tuned! Have a good night! ~ Team E-Cell!
Feel free to share any feedbacks btw ^
Ik everyone is interested in getting an internships and all.. there will be a lot of groups which attracts you with that name, but if someone is offering u an internship where u are supposed to pay them for some certificate, it is not an actual internship. We would suggest you to stay away from such oppurtunities. P.S. : You guys are in first year man! Have fun before u grow old like the rest of us 😢
"forwarded"
basically don't pay anyone anything lmao
We have heard that quite a few of you are feeling unwell lately, with some experiencing high fever and severe headaches. As exams are also approaching, it is really important that we all take care of ourselves during this time. Please remember to: - Get enough sleep. - Maintain good hygiene (wash your hands regularly and keep your surroundings clean). - Stay hydrated and Try avoiding outside meals. - Do some of exercising to stay fit. Also, If you’re not feeling well, please don’t hesitate to reach out for medical help.
I wish all the girl students to be there because it's you guys who will be next generation will be handling such instants on college and you have the complete right to ask about these things
This is regarding the FSIS session that begins at 5:00 PM today, in H-105. All female students do attend the session.
yes
Come on guys speak up!!
Guys! One more thing I want to highlight is if you feeling low and wanna talk and discuss smtg we are always there.
also yeah like take care of your friends and peers. you're all mature enough to solve stuff this like out amongst yourself. also it's an important life skill so why not.
midsems are coming up so let's make sure we're having some helping hands for each other.
Reminder for the event :)
*UG1 MIDSEMS PSA* Please keep the following in mind regarding the midsem examinations. 1. *CARRY YOUR VALID PERMANENT ID CARD*. If you forget this, absolutely no one can help you: the dean is extremely strict about the no ID = no exam policy. 2. Remember to be at your exam room/hall *ateast 20 minutes before* the paper starts. Do not forget to carry a pen, most likely invigilators will *NOT allow you to borrow* anything. 3. *DO NOT carry your mobile phones*, earbuds, or any other elecronic devices. If you do, carry your bags so you can keep electronics in the bags outside the exam room. You will NOT be allowed to keep the phone on the teacher's table, or give it to the invigilator, or anything like that. 4. Any violation of the exam rules can attract strong penalties including, but not limited to, being asked to leave the exam, recommend an F grade for the course, or drop a semester. *MPs cannot do anything about disciplinary action taken by the institute, do not rely on us for that please.* If you have any issues with the ID cards, or questions about the midsems, please feel free to message any of the MPs. All the best!
On behalf of your mps
Also I’ve updated the description with the list of mps and their contact information
Also on behalf of the mps
Congratulations for the new MPs♥️🥳
congrats again :)
Gud luck for u r mids! One of the key milestones is this examination so make sure u give u r 100%
Guys please please don't take ID card thing as a joke Many were not able to write their exams because they didn't hv Id Clg will strictly check them tmrw and invigilators will be professors not students.
Also, on a different topic, please share some contacts of your friends/roommates with your parents in case they ever want to reach out to you and you are not available.
Guys again saying please make sure u take this seriously
All the best for dsm guys :) Remember to stay calm during the exam. Take a water bottle and your ID card with you
Also no electronic devices in the exam hall
Also guys, no sports during midsems
that includes any smartwatch etc- btw.
Some of you had doubts about how grading works, I'll briefly explain: For each course you'll get a grade (an integer value) e.g: 8 (B) or 10 (A, also kassi get a life, jking) or 9 (A-) etc-. The grade that you get depends on the relative performance with your batch and also on the prof, in the sense that they get to decide how many people they want to get A, A-, B etc -.. Now, each course has a credit attached with it. Think of it as a weight in the weighted average. So say you have only two course (just an example): X and Y, X is 4 creds and Y is 5 creds, You get an A- (9) in X and a B (8) in Y. That means your SG (Sem CG) will be (4*9+5*8)/4+5 which is approximately 8.45. The CGPA is the cumulative (again, like a weighted AVG) over all the sems you've completed till that time.
This is the fourth time this has been explained :/ Just save this message for future reference guys
Yes, this should not be coming up again and again.
On behalf of your mps
I hope your mid-exams went well. Have fun for the next few days! One of the major events is going to happen, and trust me, it's going to be amazing. Participate as much as you can. Please make sure to perform in cultural events and many more. Take some time to relax and enjoy!
Guys one more most important thing while you are messaging TAs or any sr make sure u write context Don't just write hi , can I call,can I meet..... Hw will someone knows the reason If it's smtg imp hw will someone knows to hold or proceed
POLL: will you be able to pass sports? (just curious) OPTION: yessir :) (126 votes) OPTION: no :( (50 votes)
guys if you can, pull it up this sem as much as possible. make sure you don't slack off in the next semesters :)
@ug1 excellent work on all the megathon problem statements, you guys did really well, even when it was your first time
Happy Diwali Everyone! 🪔✨ Hope you have a great year ahead and god bless 🙏
Hi everyone! Do check out the Google AI booth thingy at KCIS ground floor in a while. They do have some cool goodies :)
proud of you all :)
Hey! Hope everyone is enjoying the semester and the college life by now and are settled in peacefully. While most people have been having a good time (except the acads ofc), there have been a few cases where the folks haven’t been comfortable yet since they faced some sort of arrogance/misconduct from their batchmates. Sadly, this year we have seen more cases of intra-batch issues than inter-batch. Making fun of people / teasing them unnecessarily / badly behaving with them in any sort of way comes under the jurisdiction of ragging. As you might know, any sort of such cases lead to severe consequences including termination from college. Acting inappropriately or causing trouble to anyone isn’t the correct way to have fun. Apex was made to ensure a healthy and safe environment for each and every student at IIIT and we along with college authorities shall not be bearing any such cases anymore and try to resolve them internally, but directly report to the authorities. Hope the people who are getting involved in such activities realise these things and stop indulging in them immediately. PS : If you want to have some fun, bug your Apex mentors and heads, we’ll do cluster meets
have fun, not at the expense of others.
Master of the succinct 🙇‍♀️
Yes yes very true, few more important things: 1. Please ensure there are no scribblings or markings on your hands or legs when you enter the exam hall. 2. Make sure to bring your ID card to the exam hall; it is mandatory for entry. 3. You are NOT allowed to carry personal belongings such as phones into the exam hall. To avoid any risk of theft near the exam venue (as we’ve had incidents in the past), it is strongly advised to leave them in your room.
previous years, icymi: (ordered oldest to latest) https://iiith-resources.github.io/index.html#courses https://github.com/VijayrajS/iiitprevpapers https://github.com/zyx7k/course-material/tree/main/sem_1 https://github.com/wig-nesh/iiith-ug2023-resources/tree/main/sem1 pick and choose according to relevance.
What would we do without you saar
https://github.com/geevi/cpro_mon_2022 this is the repository of prof Girish Varma that he used for our cpro, not a lot of people know about it. if you want you can check it out.
Hey guys, please read the summary of academic misconduct document that was shared by the Exam cell today via email. Please ensure that you follow all rules and don’t break any.
2/4 Exams Done :) You guys are halfway there, keep going! Just a few more days...
Once again I wanted to reiterate one point. Please keep your ID cards safe. In case if you lose them please try to contact us and please try to inform us
Ig mostly sabke ends khatam hogaye Hope your sem 1 of u r clg was great. Njoy u r winter holidays nd get back with double energy. Many more things r gonna come in next sem🩷
enjoy your vacas, don't worry about grades in the meanwhile :)
Ha 7 sems are there to worry anyways
Nikki akka getting real
Ya ya All comes with experience 🙏🏻
Dear All, This is a reminder about the Goldman Sachs Possibilities Summit happening today at KRB from 7:00 PM to 9:00 PM. Senior leaders from Goldman Sachs will be sharing valuable insights into their corporate journey and discussing the dynamic culture of the finance industry. Your attendance is highly encouraged, as this event is not only a great learning opportunity but also crucial for maintaining a strong relationship with Goldman Sachs, which is vital for future recruitment opportunities. Please make sure to attend.
Reminder: A gentle reminder for the GS event. Please do attend! Time: 7-9PM Venue: KRB
To all those who attended: thank you so much! <3
Hey everyone, hope you are doing well, now that exams are over. We expect civil behavior from you all in and around the labs (T-Hub, KCIS, Vindhya). You are free to roam around and do your masti anywhere in the campus as long as its safe, but kindly understand that labs are supposed to be quiet places as there are hundred of students focusing on their studies, research, etc-. Moreover, a lot of profs have their offices as well. Take this as a reminder and ensure there is a certain decorum maintained in these places. More so because you are not even allowed here in the first place. Don't make us call you out.
Please guys, you are ideally not allowed to enter lab spaces. Do not take advantage over our leniency. Research students are working at various times in their labs and before they start complaining about you guys, try to control your behavior. There are a lot lot more places in campus to have fun, lab spaces aint them. Anyways Happy holidays, ab toh baahar ghoom lo before sem starts again :)
ghum rahe hai sir yeh log kabse kahtam hi nahi ho raha inka 😂
Kids if anyone missed any endsems please do note this
guys please cross roads safely 🙏
basically rule of thumb: only attempt crossing if you think you can cross it at a go, do not stop in the middle of the road.
random question: does ug1 not prefer going to bbc? i generally have not noticed a lot of ug1s here! (react with 👍/👎)
I think its coz BBC is very far from OBH 🤡
perhaps.
thumbs up means you generally go to BBC.
By the time they wake up, they have classess.. so automatically VC > BBC
damn imagine not eating the better dosa
Bbc dosa not better
Happy Vacas and Safe Journey!
hello please suggest movies (dm) thanks!
:)
Ok cutie
heya! hope you're doing well. since i do this everytime, and i am bored (_plus, a few people asked_), here is the set of resources for the next semester: https://github.com/zyx7k/Semester-2-Resources.git took some time and effort but there you go :) enjoy ig. [NOTE] do go through the README.
Bhai chhutti enjoy karne de
ok.
Grades are being released subject wise please do check u r transcript
Whatever the grades might be, u ll did great guys! Be proud of yourselves. This was your first semester, and do not expect urselves to get a perfect 10. Do not be disappointed. Just have fun during the vacation, and put more efforts next semester :)
And if anyone wants to talk about it. Feel free to reach out to us
Also hv fun njoy your vacation Come back double stronger
Yes guys please don’t worry your grades. You worked hard so please be proud of the effort
And also one thing, after grades are out, please do not call out any TAs lmao.. its not in their hands. Those are your final grades
TAs ki bhi halat kharab hai so let them cry also 😂
Now that all your grades are out (Hopefully), Congratulations on finishing your first senester guys! Some of you must be really happy, some of u must be sad, irrespective, u ll did great in the semester. Now forget about what’s done, and think about what u can do guys! Look forward to the next semester. You ll can get a headstart with some DSA as mentioned by Soumil, or can do CP, or anythng. Anyways have fun guys! Party hard for NYE. P.S. If anyone wants to talk something about their grades, hit us up.
Like we’ve said before, you’ve worked hard. Be proud of what you have achieved :)
15 din bache hain yr chill kro Enjoi holidays
Kyu yaad dilaayi tu 😭
mei toh late aa raha hu more holidays yay
Go sleep You will forget again
what you guys doing for fun in vacations? react with emojis (🎵, 🎮, 💤)
I play games while listening to music and in the middle i pass out(sleep) How do i tell this using emoji?
don't you have your own emoji 🫶 i have mine 🦕
if you're worrying too much just watch some shinchan and be him bindaas!!
Njoy u r vacation in wt ever way u prefer Don't take stress Jab ham hain toh Darna kyu hain
Waise u r gonna hv felicity next sem Get ready for that 😎
Plis don’t feel bad if the CG you expected wasn’t upto your expectations Most of us as well didn’t have great CGs in the beginning It obv takes time to adjust to a new environment, and I hope you all try to find something new apart from academics and try to have a good balance in life… Have good sleep ( just had 8 hrs of sleep rn and woke up and going to sleep again in a few hours) and play video games, whatev you like Enjoiiiiiii bas Have a balance and know your potential
Merry Christmas Everyone!
Hey guys, just a reminder - when you reply to emails that have been sent to the entire student body, please don’t hit the reply all button if you only need to reply to the sender. Use the reply button instead which will ensure the email only goes to the sender. (I’ve made the mistake a few times :))
risabh bhai leading my example 🔥
Loved the frog on the mushroom :)
Hey all, If you want to use a courier service anytime in your time here at IIIT: I'll just brief you with some options. College has a service you can give it somewhere in admin office (not sure where exactly), they courier it for you. Another way which I'll personally suggest is: 1. If you can walk till DLF, there's DTDC office, just drop it there. Have personally done twice this with expensive stuff so i trust it. 2. If you want pickup service they'll come to IIIT for some additional amount (around 50-100) and they'll do the rest.
IIITH DTDC.vcf (file attached)
This is their contact ^
Pickup service can also be availed from their app. Save this it'll probably help sometime.
Happy New Year everyone! 🎊 🎉 have a great one ahead :)
All the best for your second semester guys!
Welcome back to 1.5 hour long classes :)
Hi all, Writing this again to reiterate some points that are important to keep in mind. If you’re struggling in academics or feeling low, please know that we’re always here to help you through whatever phase you’re in. Don’t hesitate to reach out, we’ve got your back!! 💪 There’s been a lot of rumors and baseless allegations going around, and it’s not acceptable. If you don’t have evidence, please avoid making such claims about your own batch mates. Let’s maintain some respect. If you notice someone who seems off or has changed and might need help, don’t wait report it to us ASAP so we can help and support them. If people are getting _not so usual_ messages from someone in the batch. Please ignore them and let us know. If you are uncomfortable with them please let us know and feel free to approach the campus counselors for any help. So please keep these points in your mind and act accordingly.
Guys come to h 105
Your arts attendance is here
Come without bags
Within 5 mins
Second attendance
Come in front Peeche matt baithna
Happy Sankranti Evryone!
Guys please do come for the felicity meet tonight at amphi abhi right now. The fest is being organised for u only and if there is no participation or enthusiasm from you then there is no point in conducting it only
Guys this fest is for you guys only ,you can't both complain about the extra curriculars in the college and also not try to contribute We won't be able to conduct the fest without your support
Sujal asli id se aa
Guys show up in amphi please 👉👈 (do it for me pleaseeee) it's your first year be excited about your own fest, only you can help make this the best Felicity yet!
Hey everyone! We need your help with arranging decorations for the fest! Reach bakul warehouse to get a chance to turn your ideas into a decor or a part of ambience for felicity. Go there (bakul warehouse) now. It wont take long just 30-45 mins
Ok sir
good morning
Happy Republic Day everyone! 🇮🇮🇳
Quiz Szn again, Atb for Quiz 1! :)
Guys do participate in this hackathon, it’s more than just making a tech product, it’s about ideating, brainstorming and especially having fun Do register
Social media be 📈📈
Hey everyone!! The fest is literally 4 days away!! Let’s make it grand! We need all the help we can get from you all!! Please come to the warehouse to help!! (Ab to deadlines bhi nhi aa jao!:))
Guys a request… if any of you are free pls come at the Main gate… we really need people to come. Pls it is ur fest we need all ur help
Guys music inaugrals have started, do come to support the ug 1 band!
Hope your fest was amazing nd you all had great experiences♥️
Greetings everyone! We are now inviting UG-1 students to become a part of the E-Cell community. If you're passionate about innovation, teamwork, and making an impact, we encourage you to apply. Express your interest by filling out the form below by *26th February 2025, 23:59* 🔗 https://forms.office.com/r/yfkzV3TA3E Best Regards, Entrepreneurship Cell, IIIT Hyderabad
NOTE: this is a strict warning to not use lab spaces. You guys have access to workspaces and reading rooms for studying. If you join labs from 3rd year onwards, then you’re free to use these spaces. Until then, labs are not meant for you guys. Your usage of these spaces comes at the detriment of those who are meant to use them. Please use workspace or your rooms.
Major +1
Guys understand workspaces reading rooms are meant for some reason nd that's for u
and please this includes COMPLETE KCIS TOO.... The open bridges between the labs and the fish pond area... Not a picnic place fs
Applies even to Vindhya labs near and around SH1, SH2
occupy workspaces, library, reading room, it's all specifically for you guys. labs are meant only for the seniors.
and yes, all the best for your midsems! half of the sem went by in no time...
POLL: Hello people! Hope you are doing good. We are planning to have a short batch meet on Friday (7th). So confirm if you guys don't have any deadlines that day. OPTION: Have a deadline (5 votes) OPTION: No deadline (122 votes)
Tmrw you guys will be having a meet at 9pm in H-205.... It is compulsory to attend the meet... Because we will cover a lot of points regarding acads nd non acads....
A reminder for the meet
reminder be on time
Everybody pls reach h 205 ASAP
I expect everyone to be here in next 2min The meet started
.
Thanks to those who showed up yesterday!
Reminder for this guys. Come to H105 at 5:30
Wishing everyone a very Happy Holi! Hopefully, you'll have a fantastic time tomorrow at Felicity Ground, celebrating your first Holi on campus. Please be careful, stay safe, and enjoy!
Also @boys wear some old tshirts, don't wear new ones you will know tmrw y i am telling this
have fun in holi :p
lmao
Tomorrow u will realise whom to trust and whom to not 🤡
Anyways, Happy Holi guys! Have fun
also, happy pi day
chd moment
Hope u all had fun....nd had a safe Holi...♥️
my exams also didn't go well and this helps a ton 🥺
Food is here
Helloo All Navrang is going to start within the next 10 minutes. We request you all to gather in amphi as soon as possible and enjoy the performances prepared by the enthusiastic dancers. Hoping to see you all sooooonnn⭐⭐⭐ ~The Dance Crew 💃
Hey guys our institute’s football team has a match rn in the inter college tournament. Please go to the football ground to support our team and your batchmates ☺️☺️
Hi all, Today's football finals are starting rn. Please do come and support
Happy Ugadi and Gudi padwa!♥️
Eid Mubarak 🌙
atb for quiz 2 :)
Hloooo Hope your exams are gng gr8 I just wanted to share smtg quickly. With the next admission cycle starting, many students appearing for UGEE, SPEC, JEE etc., will hv a lot of questions about admissions, cutoffs, branch selection, prep,and more. All these queries will be posted in the IIITH Counseling Forum on Facebook. It would be great to see many of you join in and help out our future peers
is this generation even on facebook?
Kya kare we are old generation kids
Also answer the question asked just write student😅
send me friend req also tq :>
Basically u will be asked ques like purpose of joining this grp
Still old😅
You want to be old that’s your prerogative
Lemme google nd come back
Hey UG1s, The institute is conducting an FSIS (Faculty Student Interaction Session) with the UG1s today, you would've recieved the mail for the same. We urge you to please go and participate in this session and it helps you answer your questions to the institute and improving student-faculty interaction and understanding.
Plis do attend
Hey guys! Cult night is about to start... It's the last time UG4 will be dancing on stage. Please come and cheer!!
Thank god
Guys, as you know, Chicken Pox is spreading. So be a little more careful about your hygiene and try to avoid close contact with people for some time. And inform the Parliament if you happen to have any symptoms. Stay Safe and atb for endsems and projects!
Adding to that plss pls take note: 1. Initial symptoms include rashes (which may be accompanied by blister in later stage) 2. Fever (low or high either) 3. Fatigue and loss of appetite Also symptoms take a week or more to actually show up ... So ppl might b infected but themselves be unaware of the same So pls try to not b in crowded places at least. And people who have had it in the past or are vaccinated are less prone but can still get it . So pls be careful anyway ❤️❤️
Reminder! Deadline 6PM.
https://www.goldmansachs.com/careers/students/programs-and-internships/india/hackathon For Single Degree Students! Do Register :)
IIITH students only eligible for CS Hackathon, not Quant.
They broke a honey comb
What did Duals do to you?
20%/25% of college done
Ohh wait I forgot about the chds
What did Duals who plan on graduating after 5 years do to you?
Wait ra I put follow up
Cnd and cgd
Anyways guys! Congrats, Party hard.. But please be careful.. And if anyone is upset or smthng because of how this year went, u can always reach out us!
And also have fun with DSA 🤡
Also, with this, some of us are officially out of Apex in a week-ish.. So cheers guys! Some students are graduating, while others will still be in campus and are always happy to help!
since they'll be going out, we'll soon be taking you guys in for mentors :p
enjoy vacations click nice pictures and chill :)
~Signing off🤧
Thank god
POLL: Hi everyone, need your inputs. How do you mainly access course textbooks in IIIT? OPTION: Physical Books (1 vote) OPTION: PDFs of Books (217 votes) OPTION: Even mix of both (5 votes)
Why Is There No option that says “textbooks lite”
i don't think first years have the option :p
That is your face in literally every picture we take