lmao
Tomorrow u will realise whom to trust and whom to not 🤡
Anyways, Happy Holi guys! Have fun
also, happy pi day
chd moment
Hope u all had fun....nd had a safe Holi...♥️
my exams also didn't go well and this helps a ton 🥺
Food is here
Helloo All Navrang is going to start within the next 10 minutes. We request you all to gather in amphi as soon as possible and enjoy the performances prepared by the enthusiastic dancers. Hoping to see you all sooooonnn⭐⭐⭐ ~The Dance Crew 💃
Hey guys our institute’s football team has a match rn in the inter college tournament. Please go to the football ground to support our team and your batchmates ☺️☺️
Hi all, Today's football finals are starting rn. Please do come and support
Happy Ugadi and Gudi padwa!♥️
Eid Mubarak 🌙
atb for quiz 2 :)
Hloooo Hope your exams are gng gr8 I just wanted to share smtg quickly. With the next admission cycle starting, many students appearing for UGEE, SPEC, JEE etc., will hv a lot of questions about admissions, cutoffs, branch selection, prep,and more. All these queries will be posted in the IIITH Counseling Forum on Facebook. It would be great to see many of you join in and help out our future peers
is this generation even on facebook?
Kya kare we are old generation kids
Also answer the question asked just write student😅
send me friend req also tq :>
Basically u will be asked ques like purpose of joining this grp
Still old😅
You want to be old that’s your prerogative
Lemme google nd come back
Hey UG1s, The institute is conducting an FSIS (Faculty Student Interaction Session) with the UG1s today, you would've recieved the mail for the same. We urge you to please go and participate in this session and it helps you answer your questions to the institute and improving student-faculty interaction and understanding.
Plis do attend
Hey guys! Cult night is about to start... It's the last time UG4 will be dancing on stage. Please come and cheer!!
Thank god
Guys, as you know, Chicken Pox is spreading. So be a little more careful about your hygiene and try to avoid close contact with people for some time. And inform the Parliament if you happen to have any symptoms. Stay Safe and atb for endsems and projects!
Adding to that plss pls take note: 1. Initial symptoms include rashes (which may be accompanied by blister in later stage) 2. Fever (low or high either) 3. Fatigue and loss of appetite Also symptoms take a week or more to actually show up ... So ppl might b infected but themselves be unaware of the same So pls try to not b in crowded places at least. And people who have had it in the past or are vaccinated are less prone but can still get it . So pls be careful anyway ❤️❤️
Reminder! Deadline 6PM.
https://www.goldmansachs.com/careers/students/programs-and-internships/india/hackathon For Single Degree Students! Do Register :)
IIITH students only eligible for CS Hackathon, not Quant.
They broke a honey comb
What did Duals do to you?
20%/25% of college done
Ohh wait I forgot about the chds
What did Duals who plan on graduating after 5 years do to you?
Wait ra I put follow up
Cnd and cgd
Anyways guys! Congrats, Party hard.. But please be careful.. And if anyone is upset or smthng because of how this year went, u can always reach out us!
And also have fun with DSA 🤡
Nikki akka getting real
Ya ya All comes with experience 🙏🏻
Dear All, This is a reminder about the Goldman Sachs Possibilities Summit happening today at KRB from 7:00 PM to 9:00 PM. Senior leaders from Goldman Sachs will be sharing valuable insights into their corporate journey and discussing the dynamic culture of the finance industry. Your attendance is highly encouraged, as this event is not only a great learning opportunity but also crucial for maintaining a strong relationship with Goldman Sachs, which is vital for future recruitment opportunities. Please make sure to attend.
Reminder: A gentle reminder for the GS event. Please do attend! Time: 7-9PM Venue: KRB
To all those who attended: thank you so much! <3
Hey everyone, hope you are doing well, now that exams are over. We expect civil behavior from you all in and around the labs (T-Hub, KCIS, Vindhya). You are free to roam around and do your masti anywhere in the campus as long as its safe, but kindly understand that labs are supposed to be quiet places as there are hundred of students focusing on their studies, research, etc-. Moreover, a lot of profs have their offices as well. Take this as a reminder and ensure there is a certain decorum maintained in these places. More so because you are not even allowed here in the first place. Don't make us call you out.
Please guys, you are ideally not allowed to enter lab spaces. Do not take advantage over our leniency. Research students are working at various times in their labs and before they start complaining about you guys, try to control your behavior. There are a lot lot more places in campus to have fun, lab spaces aint them. Anyways Happy holidays, ab toh baahar ghoom lo before sem starts again :)
ghum rahe hai sir yeh log kabse kahtam hi nahi ho raha inka 😂
Kids if anyone missed any endsems please do note this
guys please cross roads safely 🙏
basically rule of thumb: only attempt crossing if you think you can cross it at a go, do not stop in the middle of the road.
random question: does ug1 not prefer going to bbc? i generally have not noticed a lot of ug1s here! (react with 👍/👎)
I think its coz BBC is very far from OBH 🤡
perhaps.
thumbs up means you generally go to BBC.
By the time they wake up, they have classess.. so automatically VC > BBC
damn imagine not eating the better dosa
Bbc dosa not better
Happy Vacas and Safe Journey!
hello please suggest movies (dm) thanks!
:)
Ok cutie
heya! hope you're doing well. since i do this everytime, and i am bored (_plus, a few people asked_), here is the set of resources for the next semester: https://github.com/zyx7k/Semester-2-Resources.git took some time and effort but there you go :) enjoy ig. [NOTE] do go through the README.
Bhai chhutti enjoy karne de
ok.
Grades are being released subject wise please do check u r transcript
Whatever the grades might be, u ll did great guys! Be proud of yourselves. This was your first semester, and do not expect urselves to get a perfect 10. Do not be disappointed. Just have fun during the vacation, and put more efforts next semester :)
And if anyone wants to talk about it. Feel free to reach out to us
Also hv fun njoy your vacation Come back double stronger
Yes guys please don’t worry your grades. You worked hard so please be proud of the effort
And also one thing, after grades are out, please do not call out any TAs lmao.. its not in their hands. Those are your final grades
TAs ki bhi halat kharab hai so let them cry also 😂
Now that all your grades are out (Hopefully), Congratulations on finishing your first senester guys! Some of you must be really happy, some of u must be sad, irrespective, u ll did great in the semester. Now forget about what’s done, and think about what u can do guys! Look forward to the next semester. You ll can get a headstart with some DSA as mentioned by Soumil, or can do CP, or anythng. Anyways have fun guys! Party hard for NYE. P.S. If anyone wants to talk something about their grades, hit us up.
Like we’ve said before, you’ve worked hard. Be proud of what you have achieved :)
15 din bache hain yr chill kro Enjoi holidays
Kyu yaad dilaayi tu 😭
mei toh late aa raha hu more holidays yay
Go sleep You will forget again
Please hv u r dinner
If someone is injured or sick please let us know
Don't wait for tmrw
CURFEW STILL EXISTS PLEASE BE BACK INTO ROOMS BY 12:30PM
If u guys need any help or wanna talk or literally anything We r here Dm karlo
*ONE SHOUTOUT FOR MENTORS ALSO* (Just react to msg to give shoutout)
Also guys huge shoutout to @918106925340 for organising the trip and coordinating with all the teams.. And most importantly every apex member for the batch trip today!! Hope you’ll had fun!!
Hi guys!! Hope everyone is fine and have rested enough.. If anyone has a sprained ankle or anything after yest, let us know
“The batch photo” guyzzz!!!
sooguud! now time to keep it the group pfp?
Credits: Chinmay Pateria, Roshan
If it's yours plz lemme know
Kal books will be near library exhibition please collect
Hello everyone! For the Independence Day celebrations tomorrow, if you'd like to perform a dance, sing,play an instrument, or even recite a poem, please DM your name to Prakhar Gupta (+91 96911 90017).
Hello everyone! *Join us today in H-105 at 2 PM as E-Cell hosts an inspiring guest talk by the accomplished entrepreneur Kanika Agarwal, Co-founder & CEO of MindPeers.* Kanika was featured on SharkTank India, recognized in AsiaOne’s 40 under 40, and is an active Angel Investor in startups like Boba Bhai and Leap Club.. This session is a unique opportunity to gain insights into her entrepreneurial journey, from building a multimillion-dollar startup while managing anxiety to scaling globally and exploring the intersection of mental health and business. Don’t miss out on this chance to learn from one of the leading voices in mental well-being and entrepreneurship. See you there!
Free Redbull for the attendees:)
guys if you have labs: welp, i am sorry, there's nothing i can do about it really. mei maafi mangta hu 🙏
Guys do come asap, ms Kanika is an excellent speaker and it's also a free event
+free redbulls, if you are still not convinced
A lot of people have been falling sick lately. If you need medicines urgently, please ask your roommates, or friends if they have the common ones with them. Also, you can purchase medicines on Netmeds, Apollo, PharmEasy etc- and then deliver it to your hostel. You can buy a good amount of them to use later on also. Take care and get well soon.
I would suggest get your own candles if possible ❤️
